[Autogenerated] in his module.
I'll show you a new way toe handle persistence in spring
applications that you use mobile to be, and that is with mongo repositories.
We'll start by discovering what you pushed the resort and when she
used them will continue to look at quarry methods and how we can use
and extend them to meet all of our needs.
Then we'll take a look at, inserts updates and reads,
and we'll finish this module with the demo in,
which would implement among operations.
But this time using repositories.
I mentioned the word depository a lot in these first few seconds.
So what are Mongo report stories?
Well, to put it simple,
Mongol depository is just an abstraction that
significantly reduces the amount of boilerplate code
needed to implement the data access there.
And when I mean obstruction, I mean another face.
Mongrel repositories are injectable interfaces that can
be used in our spring applications.
They provide basic crowd operations out of the box,
and they can be expected with these to meet all of our
clearing needs before we move on.
Let's take a look at how three positively interfaces
are structured in spring framework.
It all starts with the repositories interface.
The repository interface has to tie parameter STI and i d.
He is the type off the class that we're trying to persist,
and I d is the type of the I D.
Then we have a crowd depository, which extends report story.
Crowd depository gives us some pretty useful capabilities to save.
To find documents,
toe come documents and to delete no comments on top off crowd depository,
we have paging and sorting report story.
The paging.
Asserting Your boy's story expands the frontal method by
adding a sort and a page about definition.
This enables us to use the final method and to implement Beijing and sorting.
And after this,
we finally have Mongo repository Mobile put story
just implements free from methods, mostly insert and batch insert.
It's also worth pointing out that the base interfaces
are all defined in spring data.
The only manga specific interface is actually our manga reposted interface,
and this is a pretty important statement because it means
that regardless off our persistence, technology were mostly using.
The interface is defined in spring data.
We have a common set off interfaces,
regardless of the processes technology in fact,
if you've ever worked with GP report stories before,
So with a relational database you'll find most of these
interfaces and methods to be pretty familiar.
That's because you're accusing the same abstractions,
and it is very, very powerful because it means if you switch to Mongo,
your application will almost look identical.
And I think that's a pretty cool.
Think that the people working on a spring framework have
done to create this uniformity across, ah,
lot off different persistence technologies.
I think now is a perfect time to take a look at an example.
Let's say we have this airport class and you want to persistent.
In Mongo, you're single report story.
We add in the correct annotations, so a document and at I d.
And now how do we implement the report story?
We create a new interface.
We call it Airport Depository to Father conventions,
but you can call it however you want,
and we make this interface extent among repository,
off type airport and strength.
Airport is the top off the documents that were trying to persist and strength
is the type of the property which contains the idea field.
Then we had the at repositories annotation to make Spink
aware that it can use this depository.
In our application, we have four lines of goat,
and now we can begin to use the reported.
You know,
we can inject it in a different component and we can find all the documents.
Or we can create a new airport and called insert method
on ______ suppository to save it.
Or we can delete every airport in our collection by
calling the day little method.
I'm trying to point out how easy it is to use your poster is in our application.
Have just written four lines of code.
At this moment, you might be asking yourself,
all right, but what is the actual implementation for that interface?
We created an interface, but we implement it, and that's a very good question.
Well, spring.
Thus,
all the magic behind the scene for a total post or the
interface spring registers the appropriate technology
specific factory being that in turn, creates the appropriate Proxim fermentation.
So for any interface that we define,
spring creates approximate lamentation of it with the correct behavior,
and that's how we get capabilities out of the box without us
having to tackle the persistence details for just writing an
interface we're declaring.
What do we want to do?
What are we trying to achieve?
And spring takes care of the ugly part. Now, if that's not awesome, then I don't know what is.